# Thesis-FloodAdaptation
This repository is created for my master thesis project at TU Delft. It considers the analysis of trust in flood information and its influence on the intention to take private flood adaptation measures. 

## Project set-up
This repository contains multiple notebooks and follows a stepwise approach to answer the following research question: How does trust in information on floods and flood adaptation influence the intention to take private flood adaptation measures in flood-prone areas in the United Kingdom? The data is based on survey data from three areas in the United Kingdom. The code has been written in JupyterLab.

## Installation
This code requires Python version 3.11.11. The project requires packages to be installed, see the requirements.txt file. 

## Usage
This project contains a stepwise approach of running the notebooks. First, the Step0Datapreparation notebooks needs to be run as it generates csv files for use in other notebooks. Then, the other Step0 notebooks can be run, followed by Step 1, 2 and 3. 

The survey data uploaded to the repository is a public mini batch. This will therefore not yield the same figures and results as the generated notebooks uploaded on the repository, but it shows how the code can be run based on the data. You have to change the path to the mini batch csv file name found in datafiles in Step0Datapreparation if you want to run the code. 

The files and figures generated by the notebooks are not included in the repository. If you want the figures to be generated, you have to create a new folder figures with inside the following folders: distribution, step1, step2, step3.

Moreover, the file UK_plot/infuse_msoa_lyr_2011.shp" was too big to upload. The data can be found here: https://statistics.ukdataservice.ac.uk/dataset/2011-census-geography-boundaries-middle-layer-super-output-areas-and-intermediate-zones. A new folder has to be created in the shapefile folder called UK_plot with this data to be able to run the code. 

## Features
These notebooks include features such as descriptive analysis techniques (Step1), binary logistic regressions (Step2) and K-Medoids clustering (Step3). 

## Licences

Survey data: from the SCALAR-Team within the European Research Council (ERC) project under the European Union’s Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation Program (grant agreement no. 758014). The survey data and additional explanation can be found on DANS: https://ssh.datastations.nl/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.17026/DANS-X9H-NJ3W

All MSOA names: House of Commons under the Open Parliament Licence v3.0 (https://www.parliament.uk/site-information/copyright/open-parliament-licence)

UK Data Service Census Support boundary dataset (geodata) : UK Open Government Licence v3 (https://statistics.ukdataservice.ac.uk/dataset/2011-census-geography-boundaries-middle-layer-super-output-areas-and-intermediate-zones)

Statistical GIS Boundary files from the Greater London Authority (geodata): under the terms of the Open Government Licence (OGL) and UK Government Licensing Framework (https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/)




